[ADD] events: adding create events doc (#8929)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/events/create_events.rst

=============
Create events
=============

With Odoo *Events*, users can create and configure custom events of any size, for any occasion.

New event
=========

There are a number of ways to create events directly from the :guilabel:`Events` dashboard, with

> each view option having its own process. To learn more about that check out the :doc:`Event

Author: Yes, it was my intention to say 'view option' in this case -- as in, the different view options users can utilize to see the dashboard in different ways. I'll add some specifics to this sentence in order to avoid any potential confusion. Thanks for pointing this out!

   needs to be installed, or the database is not operating in a multi-company environment.

   For example, the :guilabel:`Twitter Wall` field **only** appears if the *Social Marketing* app is
   installed, and the :guilabel:`Company` field **only** appears if the database is working in a
   multi-company environment.

   These are just *additional* elements that can be used for an event. They are **not** required to
   create, host, and manage an event with Odoo *Events*.

Event form
==========

At the top of the event form are a series of smart buttons related to various event metrics, which
will autopopulate with pertinent data once attendees begin to register, booths and sponsors sign on
for the event, the event takes place, and so on.

Beneath that is an event form filled with various fields and tabs that can be used to customize and
configure different elements of the event.

The following are fields found on an event form:

- :guilabel:`Event Name`: the title of the event.
- :guilabel:`Date`: when the event is scheduled to take place.
- :guilabel:`Timezone`: the corresponding timezone related to the event.

> - :guilabel:`Language`: designate a specific language for all event communications to be translated

Author: This field is blank, by default, indicating that whatever the language the database is operating in...that's the language the communications will be sent in. I added a sentence about such a thing to this explanation to hopefully clarify that aspect. Thanks!

  .. image:: create_events/twitter-wall-popup.png
     :align: center
     :alt: The Twitter Wall pop-up window in the Odoo Events application.

  From this window, enter a :guilabel:`Wall Name`. Then, select a certain word or hashtag for Odoo
  to search for on *X*, like `#WoodWorkingExpo24`, for example.

  Next, determine the :guilabel:`Type of tweets` Odoo should showcase with that predetermined
  criteria. The choices in this field are: :guilabel:`Recent`, :guilabel:`Popular`, or
  :guilabel:`Mixed`.

  Users also have the option to add a brief :guilabel:`Description` to the wall, as well.

  Lastly, the greyed-out, non-modifiable :guilabel:`Website URL` field will autopopulate with the
  full URL needed to access the document through the event website.

  An image can also be added to the wall by clicking the :guilabel:`🖉 (pencil)` icon that appears
  when the cursor hovers over the :guilabel:`camera` box in the upper-right corner of the pop-up
  window. Then, from the resulting file explorer window, select the desired image to be added to
  the wall.

  This field **only** appears on the event form if the *Social Marketing* app is installed, and an

>   *X* account has been added as a stream on the application.

Author: Great suggestion. Just added a link. Thanks 👍

>   *X* account has been added as a stream on the application.

Author: Another great suggestion. Just created a tip admonition block, per your feedback. 👍

- :guilabel:`Template`: choose a pre-configured event template from the resulting drop-down menu.

> 

Author: This is actually an event template, which is different than an email template. I already have plans to write an entire doc on event templates, so I can come back and link *that* here, once it gets published. Thanks for the suggestion 👍

   Or, create a new one directly from this field, by typing in the name of the new template, and
   selecting either: :guilabel:`Create` (which creates the template, and can be edited later) or
   :guilabel:`Create and edit...` (which creates the template, and reveals a separate template page
   to configure the template in greater detail).
- :guilabel:`Tags`: add any corresponding tags to briefly describe the event (e.g. `Online`,
  `Conference`, etc.). Multiple tags can be added per event.

> - :guilabel:`Organizer`: designate the organizer of the event.

Author: all of the above -- to avoid confusion, I added that element into the description. 👍

- :guilabel:`Responsible`: designate a user in the database to be responsible for this event.
- :guilabel:`Company`: designate which company in the database to which this event is related. This
  field **only** appears if working in a multi-company environment. If left blank, the event will
  relate to all companies in the database.

> - :guilabel:`Website`: choose to restrict the publishing of this event to a specific website. If
>   this field is left blank, the event can be published on *all* websites in the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Website`: choose to restrict the publishing of this event to a specific website created in Odoo. If
  this field is left blank, the event can be published on *all* websites in the database.
```
Should be noted where the websites are, I can see folks trying to link external websites.

- :guilabel:`Venue`: enter the pertinent event venue details in this field.
- :guilabel:`Exhibition Map`: if desired, click the :guilabel:`Upload your file` button to Upload
  a map of the event venue.
- :guilabel:`Limit Registrations`: if this checkbox is ticked, a limit to the amount of
  registrations is added to the event, and that desired limit amount **must** be entered in the
  blank field before :guilabel:`Attendees`.

> - :guilabel:`Badge Dimension`: select a desired dimension for event badges. The options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Badge Dimension`: select a desired dimension for event badges. The options are:
```

These are paper formats, correct?

Author: Yes. Added that specific detail in the description. Great catch! 👍

  :guilabel:`A4 foldable`, :guilabel:`A6`, or :guilabel:`4 per sheet`.

> - :guilabel:`Badge Background`: if desired, click the :guilabel:`Upload your file` button to upload
>   a custom background for event badges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Badge Background`: if desired, click the :guilabel:`Upload your file` button to upload
  a custom background for event badges.
```
Is there a recommended format- what type of images will look best? a vector? a full color image?

Author: It is my understanding that we are merely supposed to instruct users how to use the software, and leave all recommendations out. Kinda leave it up to them, ya know? Plus, every instance could be different, depending on image size, quality, etc. -- so, with that said, I think it would be best to ignore such a recommendation, and leave it up to the user(s) to decide.

> When the fields in the event form have been adequately filled in, move on to the three tabs at the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the above fields in the event form have been adequately filled in, move on to the three tabs at the
```

bottom of the event form for further customization.

Those tabs are: :ref:`Tickets <create_events/event_form/tickets>`, :ref:`Communication
<create_events/event_form/communication>`, :ref:`Questions <create_events/event_form/questions>`,
and :ref:`Notes <create_events/event_form/notes>`.

.. _create_events/event_form/tickets:

Tickets tab

> -----------

Reviewer: I like the way you formatted this; nice! This is easy to follow, with the tabs separated out

Create custom tickets (and ticket tiers) for events in the :guilabel:`Tickets` tab of an event form.

.. image:: create_events/tickets-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A typical tickets tab on an event form in the Odoo Events application.

> To create a ticket, click :guilabel:`Add a line` in the :guilabel:`Tickets` tab. Then, enter a name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a ticket, click :guilabel:`Add a line` in the :guilabel:`Tickets` tab. Then, enter a name
```

Are we really just creating a new product here that will have the event ticket product type?

Author: Yes, that is my understanding -- since event registration products (tickets) **must** have the 'Event Ticket' product type in order to even appear in the 'Tickets' tab of an event form.

for the ticket (e.g. `Basic Ticket` or `VIP`) in the :guilabel:`Name` field.

Next, in the :guilabel:`Product` field, either select a pre-configured event registration product,
which Odoo creates when the *Events* app is installed, or create a new one directly from this field.

.. important::
   Upon installing Odoo *Events* a new product type, *Event Ticket*, becomes selectable on product
   forms. In order for an event registration product to be selectable in the :guilabel:`Tickets` tab

>    of an event form, the event registration product type **must** be set to *Event Ticket*.

Reviewer: Nice, this is super helpful!

.. note::
   To create a new event registration product directly from this field, type in the name of the new
   event registration product, and select either :guilabel:`Create` or
   :guilabel:`Create and edit...` from the resulting drop-down.

   Clicking :guilabel:`Create` creates the event registration product, which can be edited later.
   Clicking :guilabel:`Create and edit...` creates the event registration product, and allows the user
   to edit its configurations right away on a :guilabel:`Create Product` pop-up window.

.. tip::
   Existing event registration products can be modified directly from this field, as well, by clicking
   the :guilabel:`Internal link ➡️ (right arrow)` icon, located beside the event registration product.
   Doing so reveals that product's page on a separate page. Then, proceed to make any desired
   modifications.

> Add or modify the cost of the ticket in the :guilabel:`Price` field. Then, determine a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add or modify the cost of the ticket in the :guilabel:`Price` field. Then, determine a
```
Does this update the product price in the product catalog?

Author: No. The price on the product form in the product catalog is the default...that's why I tried to specify that they could 'modify' it...but perhaps that isn't specific enough. I'll add a note admonition to this explanation to make things more clear in this regard. Thanks for the helpful suggestion 👍

:guilabel:`Sales Start` and :guilabel:`Sales End` date in their respective fields. To do that, click
into the blank field to reveal a calendar popover. From there, select the desired date and time,
then click :guilabel:`✔️ Apply`.

> Then, if desired, designate a :guilabel:`Maximum` amount of that specific ticket that can be sold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, if desired, designate a :guilabel:`Maximum` amount of that specific ticket that can be sold.
```

So, how do registration limits and the maximum number of tickets differ?

Author: It is my understanding that registration limits are related to the event itself -- "X" event will only allow "#" of registrants in total to attend. The max ticket number is related to the ticket tiers themselves. Like, if an event organizer only wanted to sell "X" amount of VIP tickets, and so on...

tickets.

If the user wishes to delete any tickets from the :guilabel:`Tickets` tab, click the :guilabel:`🗑️
(trash can)` icon on the corresponding line for the ticket that should be deleted.

.. tip::
   To add an optional :guilabel:`Description` column to the :guilabel:`Tickets` tab, click the
   :guilabel:`(optional columns drop-down)` menu, located to the far-right of the column titles.
   Then, tick the checkbox beside :guilabel:`Description` from the resulting drop-down menu.

   When added, users have the option to add brief descriptions for each event ticket created, which
   can be used to inform attendees of any perks or amenities that may coincide with specific tickets.

.. _create_events/event_form/communication:

Communication tab
-----------------

In the :guilabel:`Communication` tab of an event form, users can create various communications that
can be scheduled to be sent at specific intervals leading up to, and following, the event.

.. image:: create_events/communication-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical communication tab on an event form in the Odoo Events application.

.. note::

>    By default, Odoo provides three separate pre-configured communications on every new event form.

Reviewer: What are the three communication types?

Author: I added explanations of each communication in the admonition block, per your suggestion.

To add a communication in the :guilabel:`Communication` tab, click :guilabel:`Add a line`. Then,
select the desired type of communication in the :guilabel:`Send` field. The options are:
:guilabel:`Mail`, :guilabel:`SMS`, :guilabel:`Social Post`, or :guilabel:`WhatsApp`.

.. important::
   The :guilabel:`Social Post` option **only** appears if the *Social Marketing* application is
   installed.

   The :guilabel:`WhatsApp` option **only** appears if the *WhatsApp Integration* module is
   installed.

Then, either select a communication template from the :guilabel:`Template` drop-down menu.

.. note::

>    These existing communication templates can be modified directly from this field, if necessary, by
>    selecting the chosen template, and clicking the :guilabel:`Internal link ➡️ (right arrow)` icon
>    to the right. Doing so reveals a separate page where users can edit the :guilabel:`Content`,
>    :guilabel:`Email Configuration`, and :guilabel:`Settings` of that particular communication
>    template.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   These existing communication templates can be modified directly from this field, if necessary, by
   selecting the chosen template, and clicking the :guilabel:`Internal link ➡️ (right arrow)` icon
   to the right. Doing so reveals a separate page where users can edit the :guilabel:`Content`,
   :guilabel:`Email Configuration`, and :guilabel:`Settings` of that particular communication
   template.

```

Just a note WhatsApp templates cannot be edited on the fly, they require separate approval from Meta.

Author: Oh, good to know. Just added an admonition for that super-helpful bit of knowledge. Thanks for the heads up! 👍

the status of that particular communication.

The status of *Running* is represented by a :guilabel:`three gears` icon. The status of *Sent* is
represented by a :guilabel:`✔️ (checkmark)` icon. And, the status of *Scheduled* is represented by
an :guilabel:`⌛ (hourglass)` icon.

To delete any communication from the :guilabel:`Communication` tab, simply click the :guilabel:`🗑️
(trash can)` icon on the corresponding communication line.

There is no limit to how many communications can be added in the :guilabel:`Communication` tab of an
event form.

.. _create_events/event_form/questions:

Questions tab
-------------

In the :guilabel:`Questions` tab of an event form, users can create brief questionnaires for
registrants to interact with, and respond to, after they register for the event.

These questions can be focused on gathering basic information about the attendee, learning about
their preferences, expectations, and other things of that nature.

.. image:: create_events/questions-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical questions tab on an event form in the Odoo Events application.

.. note::

>    By default, Odoo provides three questions in the :guilabel:`Questions` tab for every event form.

Reviewer: which three?

Author: much like the default communications, I added the specifics surrounding these questions in the admonition block. 👍

If the :guilabel:`Ask once per order` checkbox is ticked, the question will only be asked once, and
its value is propogated to every attendee in the order (if multiple tickets are purchased at once).
If the checkbox is *not* ticked for this setting, Odoo will present the question for every attendee
that is connected to that reservation/registration.

Next, select a :guilabel:`Question Type` option. The following are the :guilabel:`Question Type`
options:

- :guilabel:`Selection`: provide answer options to the question for registrants to choose from.
  Selectable answer options are added in the :guilabel:`Answers` column at the bottom of the pop-up
  window. This is the only :guilabel:`Question Type` where the :guilabel:`Answers` tab appears.
  There are no correct or incorrect answers.
- :guilabel:`Text Input`: lets the users enter a custom response to the question in a text field.
- :guilabel:`Name`: provides registrants with a field for them to enter their name.
- :guilabel:`Email`: provides registrants with a field for them to enter their email address.
- :guilabel:`Phone`: provides registrants with a field for them to enter their phone number.

> - :guilabel:`Company`: provides registrants wtih a field for them to enter a company they are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Company`: provides registrants with a field for them to enter a company they are
```

  associated with.

.. note::
   Every :guilabel:`Question Type`, *except* :guilabel:`Selection`, provides question-specific
   fields for registrants to fill in.

Once all the desired configurations have been entered, either click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save
the question, and return to the :guilabel:`Questions` tab on the event form, or click
:guilabel:`Save & New` to save the question and immediately create a new question on a new
:guilabel:`Create Question` pop-up window.

As questions are added to the :guilabel:`Questions` tab, the informative columns showcase the
configurations of each question.

The informative columns are the following:

- :guilabel:`Title`
- :guilabel:`Mandatory`
- :guilabel:`Once per Order`
- :guilabel:`Type`
- :guilabel:`Answers` (if applicable)

> For :guilabel:`Selection` amd :guilabel:`Text Input` types, a clickable :guilabel:`📊 Stats` icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For :guilabel:`Selection` and :guilabel:`Text Input` types, a clickable :guilabel:`📊 Stats` icon
```

instructions for people attending the event, like how to enter, when the venue closes, and so on.

Publish events
==============

Once all configurations and modifications are complete on the event form, it is time to publish the
event on the website. Doing so makes the event visible to website visitors, and makes it possible
for interested parties to register for the event.

To publish an event after all the customizations are complete, click the :guilabel:`Go to Website`
smart button at the top of the event form. Doing so reveals a blank event web page, which can be
customized like any other web page on the site, via the :guilabel:`Edit` button.

To learn more about website design functionality and options, consult the :doc:`Building block
<../../websites/website/web_design/building_blocks>` documentation.

Once the event website is ready to be shared, click the red :guilabel:`Unpublished` toggle switch
in the header menu, changing it to a green :guilabel:`Published` switch. At this point, the event
web page is published, and viewable/accessible by all website visitors.

Send event invites
==================

> To send event invites to potential attendees, navigate to the desired event form, via
> :menuselection:`Events app --> Events`, and click the :guilabel:`Invite` button in the upper-left
> corner of the event form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send event invites to potential attendees, navigate to the desired event form, via
:menuselection:`Events app --> Events`, and click into the desired event. Following this, click the :guilabel:`Invite` button in the upper-left corner of the event form.
```

Doing so reveals a blank email form to fill out, as desired. To learn more about how to create and
customize emails like this, refer to the :ref:`Create an email <email_marketing/create_email>`
documentation.

Proceed to create and customize an email message to send as an invite to potential attendees.
Remember to include a link to the registration page on the event website, allowing recipients to
quickly register, if they're interested.

> 

Reviewer: .. tip::
   Sending emails from Odoo is subject to a daily limit, which by default is 200. To learn more about daily limits          visit this documentation: :ref:`email_communication/daily_limit_mail`.

   An image can also be added to the wall by clicking the :guilabel:`🖉 (pencil)` icon that appears
   when the cursor hovers over the :guilabel:`camera` box in the upper-right corner of the pop-up
   window. Then, from the resulting file explorer window, select the desired image to be added to
   the wall.

   This :guilabel:`Twitter Wall` field **only** appears on the event form if the *Social Marketing*
   app is installed, and an *X* account has been added as a stream on the application. To learn
   more, check out the :doc:`Social marketing essentials
   <../social_marketing/essentials/social_essentials>` documentation.

- :guilabel:`Template`: choose a pre-configured event template from the resulting drop-down menu.

   Or, create a new one directly from this field, by typing in the name of the new template, and
   selecting either: :guilabel:`Create` (which creates the template, and can be edited later) or
   :guilabel:`Create and edit...` (which creates the template, and reveals a separate template page
   to configure the template in greater detail).
- :guilabel:`Tags`: add any corresponding tags to briefly describe the event (e.g. `Online`,

>   `Conference`, etc.). Multiple tags can be added per event.

Author: From what I can gather, I believe the tags are used for *internal* and *external* purposes... as indicated here on this incognito screenshot, showing the tags visible -- by default -- to a random, non-logged-in visitor to the website.
![Screenshot 2024-05-14 091914](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/73958186/38b0399a-49a5-48a1-a1fc-4eec225c37fe)

- :guilabel:`Organizer`: designate the organizer of the event, which could be a company, contact, or

>    employee.

Author: Yeah. Same thing happened for me, as well. No worries, though. I was able to reword this (shortening it a tad), which subsequently fixed the issue 👍

- :guilabel:`Company`: designate which company in the database to which this event is related. This
  field **only** appears if working in a multi-company environment. If left blank, the event will
  relate to all companies in the database.
- :guilabel:`Website`: choose to restrict the publishing of this event to a specific website created
  in Odoo. If this field is left blank, the event can be published on *all* websites in the
  database.
- :guilabel:`Venue`: enter the pertinent event venue details in this field.
- :guilabel:`Exhibition Map`: if desired, click the :guilabel:`Upload your file` button to Upload
  a map of the event venue.
- :guilabel:`Limit Registrations`: if this checkbox is ticked, a limit to the amount of
  registrations is added to the event, and that desired limit amount **must** be entered in the
  blank field before :guilabel:`Attendees`.
- :guilabel:`Badge Dimension`: select a desired paper format dimension for event badges. The options
  are: :guilabel:`A4 foldable`, :guilabel:`A6`, or :guilabel:`4 per sheet`.
- :guilabel:`Badge Background`: if desired, click the :guilabel:`Upload your file` button to upload

>   a custom background for event badges.

Author: I'll be sure to add this to my "To Do" list, for sure. Great suggestion.

   :guilabel:`(optional columns drop-down)` menu, located to the far-right of the column titles.
   Then, tick the checkbox beside :guilabel:`Description` from the resulting drop-down menu.

   When added, users have the option to add brief descriptions for each event ticket created, which
   can be used to inform attendees of any perks or amenities that may coincide with specific tickets.

.. _create_events/event_form/communication:

Communication tab
-----------------

In the :guilabel:`Communication` tab of an event form, users can create various communications that
can be scheduled to be sent at specific intervals leading up to, and following, the event.

.. image:: create_events/communication-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical communication tab on an event form in the Odoo Events application.

.. note::
   By default, Odoo provides three separate pre-configured communications on every new event form.
   One is an email sent after each registration to confirm the purchase with the attendee. The other
   two are email event reminders that are scheduled to be sent at different time intervals leading

>    up to the event to remind the recipient of the upcoming event.

Reviewer 2: I do see the **Tip** at the bottom of this admonition chain, however do we have linking documentation on how to edit these email templates?

This is something SALI and I do quite often 😉

To add a communication in the :guilabel:`Communication` tab, click :guilabel:`Add a line`. Then,
select the desired type of communication in the :guilabel:`Send` field. The options are:

> :guilabel:`Mail`, :guilabel:`SMS`, :guilabel:`Social Post`, or :guilabel:`WhatsApp`.

Reviewer 2: Doc-wide observation: I'd be careful about sandwiching small paragraphs like this in between admonition blocks, as it's very easy to miss them! Consider clumping these with other body paragraphs or condense similar admonition blocks together, where appropriate to do so.

.. important::
   The :guilabel:`Social Post` option **only** appears if the *Social Marketing* application is
   installed.

   The :guilabel:`WhatsApp` option **only** appears if the *WhatsApp Integration* module is
   installed.

> .. note::
>    :guilabel:`WhatsApp` templates **cannot** be edited on-the-fly. A separate approval from *Meta*
>    is requried.

Reviewer 2: Consider linking to the WhatsApp documentation here, specifically the anchor around the approvals for the WA templates.

❗ Necessary change
As well, reminder: no informal sayings or slang, please. They do not translate well across the many languages we use in Odoo's documentation.
```suggestion
.. note::
   :guilabel:`WhatsApp` templates **cannot** be edited during active configuration. A separate approval from *Meta*
   is requried.
```

Then, either select a communication template from the :guilabel:`Template` drop-down menu.

.. note::
   These existing communication templates can be modified directly from this field, if necessary, by

>    selecting the chosen template, and clicking the :guilabel:`Internal link ➡️ (right arrow)` icon

Reviewer 2: ❗ Necessary change
@samueljlieber confirm please
```suggestion
   selecting the chosen template, and clicking the :guilabel:`➡️ (right arrow)` internal link icon
```

   :guilabel:`Communication` tab, start typing in the name of the new template, then click
   :guilabel:`Create and edit...` from the resulting drop-down menu. Doing so reveals a blank
   :guilabel:`Create Template` pop-up window, wherein users can create a custom communication
   template.

Next, determine the :guilabel:`Interval`, :guilabel:`Unit`, and :guilabel:`Trigger` from their
respective drop-down fields, letting Odoo know when the communication should be sent.

The user enters a desired number into the :guilabel:`Interval` field. Then, select a
:guilabel:`Unit` from the drop-down menu. The options are: :guilabel:`Immediately`,
:guilabel:`Hours`, :guilabel:`Days`, :guilabel:`Weeks`, and :guilabel:`Months`.

Then, select an option from the :guilabel:`Trigger` drop-down menu. The options are:
:guilabel:`After each registration`, :guilabel:`Before the event`, and :guilabel:`After the event`.

The figures in the :guilabel:`Sent` column will populate as communications are sent. And, beside the
number present in the :guilabel:`Sent` column there are different icons that appear, depending on
the status of that particular communication.

> The status of *Running* is represented by a :guilabel:`three gears` icon. The status of *Sent* is

Reviewer 2: Might as well?
```suggestion
The status of *Running* is represented by a :guilabel:`⚙️ (gears)` icon. The status of *Sent* is
```

represented by a :guilabel:`✔️ (checkmark)` icon. And, the status of *Scheduled* is represented by
an :guilabel:`⌛ (hourglass)` icon.

To delete any communication from the :guilabel:`Communication` tab, simply click the :guilabel:`🗑️
(trash can)` icon on the corresponding communication line.

There is no limit to how many communications can be added in the :guilabel:`Communication` tab of an
event form.

.. _create_events/event_form/questions:

Questions tab
-------------

In the :guilabel:`Questions` tab of an event form, users can create brief questionnaires for
registrants to interact with, and respond to, after they register for the event.

These questions can be focused on gathering basic information about the attendee, learning about

> their preferences, expectations, and other things of that nature.

Reviewer 2: Consider adding info here about reporting and leadgen rules.
We use these questions internally for such purposes.

   :guilabel:`Create and edit...` from the resulting drop-down.

   Clicking :guilabel:`Create` creates the event registration product, which can be edited later.
   Clicking :guilabel:`Create and edit...` creates the event registration product, and allows the
   user to edit its configurations right away on a :guilabel:`Create Product` pop-up window.

.. tip::
   Existing event registration products can be modified directly from this field, as well, by
   clicking the :guilabel:`➡️ (right arrow)` icon, located beside the event registration product.
   Doing so reveals that product's form. Then, proceed to make any desired modifications.

.. note::
   In a database with the *Inventory* application installed, clicking the :guilabel:` ➡️ (right
   arrow)` icon, located beside the event registration product reveals the product form inside the
   *Inventory* application, with additional choices available to customize.

   However, in a database *without* the *Inventory* application installed, clicking the
   :guilabel:`➡️ (right arrow)` icon, located beside the event registration product reveals the
   product form, but only with minimal fields and customizations visible.

> .. note::
>    Installing *just* the *Events* application on a trial database installs additional applications
>    automatically: :guilabel:`Discuss`, :guilabel:`Sales`, :guilabel:`Dashboards`,
>    :guilabel:`Invoicing`, and :guilabel:`Website`.
> 
> Add or modify the cost of the ticket in the :guilabel:`Price` field.

Reviewer 3: I think it is an odd place to state here in the Ticket instructions the applications that are installed as dependancies. I'd suggest placing this admonition either at the top of the doc or maybe in the event essentials doc?

Also, to help specify that the Price field sets the registration price for an attendee– modify the sentence 
```suggestion
Next, set the registration cost of the ticket in the :guilabel:`Price` field.
```

.. note::
   It should be noted that a modified ticket price on the event form, in the :guilabel:`Tickets`
   tab, does **not** change the price that appears on the ticket's product form. This modification
   is specific to the event being configured.

Next, determine a :guilabel:`Sales Start` and :guilabel:`Sales End` date in their respective fields.
To do that, click into the blank field to reveal a calendar popover. From there, select the desired
date and time, then click :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`Apply`.

Then, if desired, designate a :guilabel:`Maximum` amount of that specific ticket that can be sold.

> The :guilabel:`Taken` column will populate with accurate data as tickets are sold.

Reviewer 3: Remove future tense
```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Taken` column populates with the number of tickets that are sold.
```

> In the :guilabel:`Color` column, users have the option to add a custom color code to different
> tickets.

Reviewer 3: Detail what the color does :)
```suggestion
Optionally, in the :guilabel:`Color` column, add a custom color to differentiate ticket badges. The
selected color displays on ticket badges when printed.
```

To delete any tickets from the :guilabel:`Tickets` tab, click the :icon:`fa-trash-o`
:guilabel:`(trash can)` icon on the corresponding line for the ticket that should be deleted.

.. tip::
   To add an optional :guilabel:`Description` column to the :guilabel:`Tickets` tab, click the

>    :guilabel:`additional options` :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` menu, located to the far-right of the
>    column titles.

Reviewer 3: I think this formatting makes the most sense in this case– if the oi-settings-adjust is known as "additional options", that should be its label. WDYT?
```suggestion
   :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(additional options)` drop-down menu, located to the
   far-right of the column titles.
```

   Then, tick the checkbox beside :guilabel:`Description` from the resulting drop-down menu.

   When added, the option to add brief descriptions for each event ticket appears, which can be used
   to inform attendees of any perks or amenities that may coincide with specific ticket purchases.

> .. _create_events/event_form/communication:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. _events/event-communication:
```

Communication tab
-----------------

In the :guilabel:`Communication` tab of an event form, create various marketing communications that
can be scheduled to be sent at specific intervals leading up to, and following, the event.

.. image:: create_events/communication-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical communication tab on an event form in the Odoo Events application.

.. note::
   By default, Odoo provides three separate pre-configured communications on every new event form.
   One is an email sent after each registration to confirm the purchase with the attendee. The other
   two are email event reminders that are scheduled to be sent at different time intervals leading
   up to the event to remind the recipient of the upcoming event.

To add a communication in the :guilabel:`Communication` tab, click :guilabel:`Add a line`. Then,
select the desired type of communication in the :guilabel:`Send` field. The options are:
:guilabel:`Mail`, :guilabel:`SMS`, :guilabel:`Social Post`, or :guilabel:`WhatsApp`.

> 

Reviewer 3: To also cut down on the number of admonitions mixed with instructions in this section, I am suggesting the following
```suggestion
There is no limit to the number of communications that can be added in the :guilabel:`Communication`
tab of an event form.

To delete a communication from the :guilabel:`Communication` tab, click the :icon:`fa-trash-o`
:guilabel:`(trash can)` icon on the corresponding communication line. Doing so removes the
communication from the event entirely.

```

.. important::
   The :guilabel:`Social Post` option **only** appears if the *Social Marketing* application is
   installed. The :guilabel:`WhatsApp` option **only** appears if the *WhatsApp Integration* module
   is installed.

   :doc:`WhatsApp <../../productivity/whatsapp>` templates **cannot** be edited during active

>    configuration. A separate approval from *Meta* is requried.
> 
> Then, either select a communication template from the :guilabel:`Template` drop-down menu.
> 
> .. note::
>    These existing communication templates can be modified directly from this field, if necessary, by
>    selecting the chosen template, and clicking the :guilabel:`➡️ (right arrow)` icon to the right.
>    Doing so reveals a separate page where users can edit the :guilabel:`Content`, :guilabel:`Email
>    Configuration`, and :guilabel:`Settings` of that particular communication template.
> 
> .. tip::
>    To create a new communication template from the :guilabel:`Template` field in the
>    :guilabel:`Communication` tab, start typing in the name of the new template, then click
>    :guilabel:`Create and edit...` from the resulting drop-down menu. Doing so reveals a blank
>    :guilabel:`Create Template` pop-up window, wherein users can create a custom communication
>    template.

Reviewer 3: IMO these admonitions break up the flow of the instruction, see my following suggestions to remedy
```suggestion
   configuration. A separate approval from *Meta* is required.
```

>    To learn more, refer to the :ref:`Create an email <email_marketing/create_email>` documentation.

Reviewer 3: The email templates in the Communications tab are not marketing mass mailings (from the Email Marketing application), they are transactional email templates defined in the Email section of the Settings app. 

I add more info in the following suggestions :)
```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 3: You stated the different types of Communications that are available to add in this tab, but only instructed email.

I think it would make sense to have a section for each communication type, so starting with Mail
```suggestion
Mail
~~~~

Select an existing email template from the :guilabel:`Template` drop-down menu.

```

Next, determine the :guilabel:`Interval`, :guilabel:`Unit`, and :guilabel:`Trigger` from their
respective drop-down fields, letting Odoo know when the communication should be sent.

> The user enters a desired number into the :guilabel:`Interval` field. Then, select a
> :guilabel:`Unit` from the drop-down menu. The options are: :guilabel:`Immediately`,
> :guilabel:`Hours`, :guilabel:`Days`, :guilabel:`Weeks`, and :guilabel:`Months`.

Reviewer 3: The "user does xyz" instruction seems a little odd to me, IMO you can just state:
```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Unit` options are: :guilabel:`Immediately`, :guilabel:`Hours`, :guilabel:`Days`,
:guilabel:`Weeks`, and :guilabel:`Months`.
```

Then, select an option from the :guilabel:`Trigger` drop-down menu. The options are:
:guilabel:`After each registration`, :guilabel:`Before the event`, and :guilabel:`After the event`.

> The figures in the :guilabel:`Sent` column will populate as communications are sent. And, beside the
> number present in the :guilabel:`Sent` column there are different icons that appear, depending on
> the status of that particular communication.

Reviewer 3: Remove future tense
```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Sent` column populates with the number of sent communications. And, beside the
number are different icons that appear, depending on the status of that particular communication.
```

The status of *Running* is represented by a :icon:`fa-cogs` :guilabel:`(three gears)` icon. The
status of *Sent* is represented by a :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`(checkmark)` icon. And, the status
of *Scheduled* is represented by an :icon:`fa-hourglass-half` :guilabel:`(hourglass)` icon.

> To delete any communication from the :guilabel:`Communication` tab, simply click the
> :icon:`fa-trash-o` :guilabel:`(trash can)` icon on the corresponding communication line. Doing so
> removes the communication from the event entirely, and furthermore, stops that specific
> communication from running, if it was active or pending.
> 
> There is no limit to how many communications can be added in the :guilabel:`Communication` tab of an
> event form.

Reviewer 3: Remember my suggestion to remove these statements to the top of the section, and the expand on the Mail communication by providing an example, as well as a note for editing templates in this view or managing all templates.

IMO by placing these at the bottom of the section, the reader can skim through the initial set up, and land on actionable examples and further reading
```suggestion
.. example::
   To send a confirmation email an hour after an attendee registers for an event, configure the
   following communication:

   - :guilabel:`Interval`: `1`
   - :guilabel:`Unit`: :guilabel:`Hours`
   - :guilabel:`Trigger`: :guilabel:`After each registration`

.. note::
   Existing email templates can be modified directly from the :guilabel:`Template` drop-down menu,
   if necessary, by clicking the :icon:`oi-arrow-right` :guilabel:`(right arrow)` icon next to the
   template name. Doing so reveals a separate page where users can edit the :guilabel:`Content`,
   :guilabel:`Email Configuration`, and :guilabel:`Settings` of that particular email template.

   To view and manage all email templates, activate :ref:`developer-mode` and navigate to
   :menuselection:`Settings --> Technical --> Email: Email Templates`. Modify with caution as email
   templates effect all communications where the template is used.
```

> .. _create_events/event_form/questions:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. _events/event-questions:
```

Questions tab
-------------

In the :guilabel:`Questions` tab of an event form, users can create brief questionnaires for
registrants to interact with, and respond to, after they register for the event.

These questions can be focused on gathering basic information about the attendee, learning about
their preferences, expectations, and other things of that nature. This information can also be used
to create more detailed reporting metrics, in addition to being utilized to create specific lead
generation rules.

.. image:: create_events/questions-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical questions tab on an event form in the Odoo Events application.

.. note::
   By default, Odoo provides three questions in the :guilabel:`Questions` tab for every event form.
   The default questions require the registrant(s) to provide their :guilabel:`Name` and
   :guilabel:`Email`, and make it optional to include their :guilabel:`Phone` number, as well.

   The information gathered from the :guilabel:`Questions` tab can be found on the

>    :guilabel:`Attendees` dashboard, accessible via the :guilabel:`Attendees` smart button. Odoo
>    populates individual records that contain basic information about the registrant(s), as well as
>    their preferences.

Reviewer 3: May as well add the icon that is present in the smart button :)
```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Attendees` dashboard, accessible via the :icon:`fa-users` :guilabel:`Attendees` smart
   button. Odoo populates individual records that contain basic information about the registrant(s),
   as well as their preferences.
```

To add a question in the :guilabel:`Questions` tab, click :guilabel:`Add a line`. Doing so reveals a
:guilabel:`Create Question` pop-up window. From here, users can create and configure their question.

.. image:: create_events/create-question-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Create Question pop-up window that appears in the Odoo Events application.

First, enter the question in the field at the top of the form. Then, decide if the question should
require a :guilabel:`Mandatory Answer` and/or if Odoo should :guilabel:`Ask once per order`, by
ticking their respective boxes, if desired.

If the :guilabel:`Ask once per order` checkbox is ticked, the question will only be asked once, and
its value is propogated to every attendee in the order (if multiple tickets are purchased at once).
If the checkbox is *not* ticked for this setting, Odoo will present the question for every attendee
that is connected to that reservation/registration.

> Next, select a :guilabel:`Question Type` option. The following are the :guilabel:`Question Type`
> options:

Reviewer 3: IMO this can be shorted to:
```suggestion
Next, select a :guilabel:`Question Type` option:
```

- :guilabel:`Selection`: provide answer options to the question for registrants to choose from.

>   Selectable answer options are added in the :guilabel:`Answers` column at the bottom of the pop-up
>   window. This is the only :guilabel:`Question Type` where the :guilabel:`Answers` tab appears.
>   There are no correct or incorrect answers.

Reviewer 3: I dont think it is necessary to state this, or that there are no correct or incorrect answers
```suggestion
  Selectable answer options can be managed in the :guilabel:`Answers` column at the bottom of the
  pop-up window.
```

- :guilabel:`Text Input`: lets the users enter a custom response to the question in a text field.
- :guilabel:`Name`: provides registrants with a field for them to enter their name.
- :guilabel:`Email`: provides registrants with a field for them to enter their email address.
- :guilabel:`Phone`: provides registrants with a field for them to enter their phone number.
- :guilabel:`Company`: provides registrants with a field for them to enter a company they are
  associated with.

Once all the desired configurations have been entered, either click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save
the question, and return to the :guilabel:`Questions` tab on the event form, or click
:guilabel:`Save & New` to save the question and immediately create a new question on a new
:guilabel:`Create Question` pop-up window.

As questions are added to the :guilabel:`Questions` tab, the informative columns showcase the
configurations of each question.

The informative columns are the following:

- :guilabel:`Title`
- :guilabel:`Mandatory`
- :guilabel:`Once per Order`
- :guilabel:`Type`
- :guilabel:`Answers` (if applicable)

> For :guilabel:`Selection` and :guilabel:`Text Input` types, a clickable :guilabel:`📊 Stats` icon
> appears on the right side of the question line. When clicked, Odoo reveals a separate page,

Reviewer 3: Replace emoji with the icon please :)
```suggestion
For :guilabel:`Selection` and :guilabel:`Text Input` types, a :icon:`fa-bar-chart` :guilabel:`Stats`
button appears on the right side of the question line. When clicked, Odoo reveals a separate page,
```

showcasing the response metrics to that specific question.

> To delete any question from the :guilabel:`Questions` tab, simply click the :guilabel:`🗑️ (trash
> can)` icon on the corresponding question line.

Reviewer 3: Replace emoji with the icon please :)
```suggestion
To delete any question from the :guilabel:`Questions` tab, click the :icon:`fa-trash-o`
:guilabel:`(trash can)` icon on the corresponding question line.
```

> There is no limit to how many questions can be added in the :guilabel:`Questions` tab of an event
> form.

Reviewer 3: Rephrase for clarity 
```suggestion
There is no limit to the number of questions that can be added in the :guilabel:`Questions` tab of
an event form.
```

> .. _create_events/event_form/notes:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. _events/event-notes:
```

Notes tab
---------

In the :guilabel:`Notes` tab of an event form, users can leave detailed internal notes and/or
event-related instructions/information for attendees.

.. image:: create_events/notes-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical notes tab on an event form in the Odoo Events application.

In the :guilabel:`Note` field of the :guilabel:`Notes` tab, users can leave internal notes for other
event employees, like "to-do" lists, contact information, instructions, and so on.

In the :guilabel:`Ticket Instructions` field of the :guilabel:`Notes` tab, users can leave specific

> instructions for people attending the event, like how to enter, when the venue closes, and so on.

Reviewer 3: Explaining where these Ticket Instructions display is more important to detail than extraneous use-cases 😉
```suggestion
instructions for people attending the event that appear on the attendees ticket.
```

Publish events
==============

Once all configurations and modifications are complete on the event form, it is time to publish the
event on the website. Doing so makes the event visible to website visitors, and makes it possible
for interested parties to register for the event.

> To publish an event after all the customizations are complete, click the :guilabel:`Go to Website`
> smart button at the top of the event form. Doing so reveals an event web page, which can be
> customized like any other web page on the site, via the :guilabel:`Edit` button.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion to add the icon to the smart button :)
```suggestion
To publish an event after all the customizations are complete, click the :icon:`fa-globe`
:guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button at the top of the event form. Doing so reveals the event's
web page, which can be customized like any other web page on the site, via the :guilabel:`Edit`
button.
```

To learn more about website design functionality and options, consult the :doc:`Building block
<../../websites/website/web_design/building_blocks>` documentation.

Once the event website is ready to be shared, click the red :guilabel:`Unpublished` toggle switch
in the header menu, changing it to a green :guilabel:`Published` switch. At this point, the event
web page is published, and viewable/accessible by all website visitors.

Send event invites
==================

To send event invites to potential attendees, navigate to the desired event form, via
:menuselection:`Events app --> Events`, and click into the desired event. Following this, click the
:guilabel:`Invite` button in the upper-left corner of the event form.

Doing so reveals a blank email form to fill out, as desired. To learn more about how to create and
customize emails like this, refer to the :ref:`Create an email <email_marketing/create_email>`
documentation.

Proceed to create and customize an email message to send as an invite to potential attendees.

> Remember to include a link to the registration page on the event website, allowing recipients to
> quickly register, if they're interested.

Reviewer 3: IMO has a little bit of a negative connotation, suggestion to rephrase 
```suggestion
Remember to include a link to the registration page on the event website, allowing interested
recipients to quickly register.
```
